Hello IGN!

My name is Aleena and I’m currently a Junior student studying Computer Science at Hunter College. My connection with IGN started when I was only 7 years old and my first video game was Warcraft 3. My uncle introduced me to this game and I fell in love with it. IGN was my go-to website when it came to guides and reading reviews. As I was playing through the campaign, there were some parts I got stuck on and the IGN walkthrough for Warcraft 3 was a lifesaver. In my free-time when I wasn’t gaming, I watched gameplays, read articles and kept up with the latest console. I was most intrigued by the custom Warcraft 3 maps and models. Hive workshop was the biggest open-source community where WC3 fans created open-source projects to share with everyone. I was so inspired by these brilliant people that it motivated me to learn how I can create something fun and beneficial for the community to use. 

This spark is what led me to pursue a degree in Computer Science. During my college career, my professor gave me the amazing opportunity to work on different types of projects with many talented colleagues. My first project was exploring the NAO Robot's capabilities and how it can aid the elderly and children with disabilities. It was also my first experience working with an amazing team. It was a very exciting project to me because I was able to brainstorm ideas with my team members, study the documentation and learn how to program. Being able to work towards a goal, contribute different ideas and organize our work helped me emphasized the importance of having a diverse community and the many strengths that can have a positive impact on the end result.

After having this experience, I decided to see what more I can create with code. The latest projects I'm most proud of were College Statistics Data App, my own website portfolio and a COVID Warehouse webpage. My favorite part about Computer Science is how creativity is not constrained by reality and you can conjure up anything just by simply having an idea. In the future, I'd like to work in a diverse team to making tech accessible, user-friendly and beneficial to everyone.
As a student, I'm an avid learner, team-oriented and always keen to gain more knowledge and practice in the world of software development. I strongly believe that my technical skills in combination with a growth mindset, unstoppable drive and willingness to grow as an aspiring software engineer makes me a positive team player. From the sources I’ve seen about IGN, they promote a healthy work environment, diverse work culture and  I see this as an incredible opportunity to enhance my career prospects, gain the chance to work with very talented individuals that share the same passion and goals and most of all -- have a fun and memorable experience! 
